Add huggingface and litespeed files (#207)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/huggingface_trasformers.md

---
name: Transformers (Hugging Face)
category: AI/ML
description: Transformers by Hugging Face is a toolkit that makes it easier to use sophisticated AI models for understanding and generating human language.
download_url: https://pypi.org/project/transformers/#history
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 0.1
    release_date: 17/08/2016

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://huggingface.co/transformers
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: https://learn.arm.com/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/benchmark-nlp/benchmark-nlp-hf/
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/installation
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Transformers is not architecture-specific and none-any wheels are released on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/transformers/#files)

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Transformers is platform independent and none-any wheels are released on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/transformers/#files)
```
